create-plugin: Add provisioning scaffold (#529)
grafana/plugin-tools: packages/create-plugin/templates/app/provisioning/plugins/README.md

Reviewer: I think it's enough to have a single README file for provisioning, at (`<project>/provisioning`).

> For more information see [here](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/provisioning/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information see our documentation:
- [Provision Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/administration/provisioning/)
- [Provision a plugin](https://grafana.com/developers/plugin-tools/publish-a-plugin/provide-provisioning)

```
